we have a c# tool (that i wrote) that record onlin broadcast take place a custom written (that we wrote) flash app. (there are no drm or copyright issu here.)we'v code up a system wherebi this tool is instal on a window server 2012 r2 amazon aw instance. after we boot the instance, the tool loads, wait for the right time to start recording, launch a browser and pass the command line argument of the url to access the broadcast. the browser will then load the flash app and the interview audio and video will start arriv at the browser instanc on awsbi way of a virtual audio cabl driver, screen / audio captur directshow filter and ffmpeg a screen record is taken. the c# tool call ffmpeg and ffmpeg will record the screen reliabl for the entir interview, then the tool shut the whole thing downth problem i'm have is that both chrome and electron browser sometim simpli don't draw themselv on the screen so all ffmpeg end up record is a blank desktop and the audio of the broadcast (hence, the browser is running)w found this out when record start turn up with x hour of mere record the window desktop and the tool main window with a countdown timer. a screenshot facil was built into the tool and ad to it web control interface, and this way we can test whether the browser is visibl - a human look at the screenshot of everi broadcast, just after record has start (the browser is suppos to be on show by this time)w notic that 50% of the time, the browser isn't draw itself on screen. by 50% i mean that everi other record that the aw instanc carri out, will be blank: aw starts, record ok, shut down. aw start again an hour later for a differ broadcast, record is blank, shut down.. starts/ok/shutdown. starts/blank/shutdown. repeat ad infinitumwhat even more strang is that if i run vncviewer on my dev machin and connect up to an instanc that is have a problem, the instant that the vnc connect is up and the remot desktop is show on my screen, the browser sudden appear as if noth was ever wrong. a screenshot from befor the vnc connect show blank desktop, connect vnc, take anoth screenshot and the browser is there. all through it the audio is fine - the browser connect to the boadcast is fine, for sureit as though chrome/electron think "you know what, noon is look at me so i'm not go to bother draw myself". no screen saver is set, though the power plan has the set "turn off the display after 15 minutes". perhap chrome/electron have a test amount to "if the display is off, don't draw". i can't explain the inconsist though - the record launch at least 1 hour befor it needed, and sit there idl until it time to start the browser. you'd henc imagin that the "power off the monitor after 15 mins" set would reliabl have ensur the "monitor" is "off" by the time everi record start come aroundthi behaviour doesn't happen with ani of the other browser (but unfortun the app doesn't and cannot work in them becaus it use some weird chrome-on technology/api).can anyon suggest anyth to look at to help debug this, or anyth i can build into the c# tool to overcom the problem? code it up to connect to itself via vnc for a few second after it has launch the browser.. well that just tast nasty.naturally, as soon as i connect to the machin via vnc (rather than rdp - rdp isn't usabl becaus the record context is in a log on session for a particular user) the problem goe away, which make it frustrat hard to debug.
