i have one code base for both web and nodewebkit (nw) application.i use the follow stack:- react- hapi- sequelize- window environmentweb version of the applic use mysql, while nw use sqlite. it all work fine. i have config file that compil applic for what i need (web or nw).the problem that i face now is how to deploy the nw application. idea is to provid nw applicaiton to a client, where he will open it click the icon.sinc i use the node for the nw version, and the applic use mani modul which are store in node_modules, i face a challeng how to pack it all up.mi idea is to make an window installer. user will click it and the instal will extract all file to the destination. and also make an icon on the user desktop to run it.problem is with the window file name limitation. insid the node_modules, there are mani subdirectori that simpli violat the window limitation. i cant even copi the node_modul folder. i cant even delet it. well sure i can copi it if i zip it... or remov manual long folders.i have not yet start work on the installer, but i am think i will hit the wall with this approach.do anyon have an idea how to make this deployment?how can i integr npm3 in nw?mi plan now is to make window installer. that window instal will instal normal applic files. the node_modul will be zip previous and place insid the installer. instal will then simpli unzip it to the destion folder.i will post my progress here.som updat here.main issu here was the depth of the node_modules. i have mani modul in node_modules, and after some think i figur out there is a simpl rule there. some modul are server side modules, while other one are use by react.and sinc webpack alreadi creat a huge file in which all of the modul are alreadi included, i simpli do not need them at all.so i have remov all front end side modules(babel modules, react-*), and left onli server side (hapi, sequelize...). miracl happened, applic run and was much faster at the startup.i am go to use inno setup to make a manifest file, and it should be good to go.i am still not out of the danger zone, as develop might need a server side module, which has huge depth. but i will think about that if it happens.mor to follow...
