i'v got desktop applic that work as simpl browser. it has tab with webview that show web pages.som websit have social sign-in option. and i realli need it to be avail for my users.in general browser (e.g. chrome) when you sign in via facebook, it creat new window with social author form. after submit this form the new window close and parent window receiv callback code, reload and sign you in.in my app when you tri to do the same, webview that contain the web page, creat new browserwindow with the same auth form. at this point everyth work fine. when you submit form, the new window close but noth happen after. parent window doesn't receiv ani callback, the code that should run isn't trigger at all. or probabl it has been received, but not triggered, sinc if i reload page, it show that i'm sign in.accord to the electron document &#60;webview&#62; run in a separ process than render process. so i think when new window closes, the callback is receiv by parent browserwindow (render process) and not run exact in webview frame.whil search through differ sourc for solution, i found that this problem is also concern with window.opener, that was not fulli support in the earliest version of electron. but accord to the issue#1865 on github full window.open support is now avail if i open window by window.open method.to make this work i should prevent webview to open new browserwindow and creat it by myself.th follow code fails:aft that i realli have no idea what to do next... how to append window.open and solv my issuei found mani similar issu on github. but all of them are merg to one issu #1865 and there is no clear answer so far.i know solut exists. brave develop fix this. brave browser also made with electron work correct the same as general browser does. but i can't find answer while look through it sources.they even made test to check whether window.open work correctly. but i fail to instal brave from git repository. after npm-start it say error: %1 is not valid win32 application'. i have window 10. (just anoth reason make me switch to linux. hope to make it soon.)so, my question is: how to send callback data from new window back to webview that creat this window. thank in advance.
