i am build an electron app, for which i need to select an embedd nosql database. in fact, this databas is suppos to hold a local subset of data store on an arangodb remot backend. i have been search the internet a lot, but fail so far to converg to an ultim candidate. i hope that somebodi could advis me from experience.typ dataset amount to possibl ~ten of thousand of documents, and i can imagin case where the set would amount to ~1gb over time. furthermore, i have the need for secondari indexes.i have look at pouchdb, unqlite, lokijs, leveldb, nedb, linvodb... in the end, nedb and linvodb seem like reason candid with persist to disk (sqlite-like), where nedb cannot handl larg datasets; someth which linvodb, a fork of nedb, seem to be abl to handle. linvodb doe not load the whole databas in memory, but appear to index "everything" by default and keep that in memory. on the other hand, i have tri to follow sever convers regard their indexes, where nedb appear to suggest in their document that they are persist to disk (https://github.com/louischatriot/nedb#indexing), onc built, which appear then again to be negat by linvodb (sorry, i lost mani of the quotes/sourc in the vast amount of tab open...), suggest index are to be build from scratch on launch. (and it may also be i misunderstand nedb document althogether.)basically, what i need, is a js databas solut for an electron app, which may hold "considerable" but not "huge" amount of data. the app load time should be reason (i.e., not discourag usage), while be respons (i.e., databas should contain secondari indexes) and respect the user resourc as much as possible. questions:ha anybodi ani experi with abov or other embed nosql databases, by which ani of these or other could be recommend for my use case?if inde linvodb index need to be rebuilt from scratch everi time i launch the app, could that be a signific perform hit (load time of the order of seconds)? (sure i'd have to benchmark this...)arangodb is not embeddable, but perhap i should consid to just deploy it as a servic alongsid my nativ app? this link nosql database: arangodb appear to suggest that the develop themselv do not discourag this. would this be overkil and/or not user friendly? a perform hit? ani advis would realli be appreciated.
