i would like to set how much gpu ram is be use as to prevent the app from overflow on windows. doe anyon have ani expert advice?i am use electron to build an automat player for windows. this player play a mix of video (h264encod mp4), html and jpeg base on a schedul (sort of like a presentation).i test the app on sever window devices, the result vari greatly!al devic are tini comput by asus. in general i notic 2 distinct differences:on devic that have no hardwar acceler the chromium gpu process use up about 30mb of share ram, this number never changes, regardless of the content played. the cpu howev has all the load here, mean it is decod the mp4 (h264) with softwar instead of hardware.on devic with hardwar acceler the cpu load is of cours less, but the ram memori use up by the chromium gpu-process vari greatly. while display jpeg or html the ram is about 0.5gb, when mp4'skick in the ram memori easili goe up to 2gb and more.on the stronger devic without hardwar acceler this is not a big issue, they have 8gb of share memori or more and don't crash. howev some of the other devic have onli 4gb of share memori and can run out of memori quit easily.th result of this lack of memori is either the app crash complet (messag with memori overflow is displayed) or the app just hang (keep run but doesn't do anyth anymore, usual just display a white screen).i know that i can pass certain flag to browserwindow use app.commandline.appendswitch.thes are a few of the flag that i tri and the effect they had, i found a list of them here:--force-gpu-mem-available-mb=600 ==&gt; no effect whatsoever, process behav as befor and still surpass 2gb of ram.--disable-gpu ==&gt; this one obvious work but is undesir becaus it disabl hardwar acceler completely--disable-gpu-memory-buffer-compositor-resourc ==&gt; no change--disable-gpu-memory-buffer-video-fram ==&gt; no change--disable-gpu-raster ==&gt; no change--disable-gpu-sandbox ==&gt; no changewhi are some of these command line switch not have ani effect on the gpu behaviour? all devic have onboard gpu and share ram. i know the command line switch are be use on startup becaus when i check the process in the window task manag i can see the switch have been past to the process (use the the command line tab in the task manager). so the switch are load but still appear to be ignored.i would like to set how much gpu ram is be use as to prevent the app from overflow on windows. doe anyon have ani expert advice?
