i have an applic that is current use electron for window desktop deployment. the bulk of the user interfac is plain old js/css/html5 and the node part is most just infrastructur to get the data into the chromium part. it pretti much what peopl use to call a "webapp" befor firefox and chrome walk away from that idea.i was abl to convert this exist electron app to uwp use makeappx and i even got it into the window store, onli to discov that the surfac hub refus to run it becaus it not "pure" uwp, but rather a win32 app wrap up to look like uwp. run on the surfac hub is a requir for my customer.th applic work fine in edge, but my custom need to be abl to use the app when there is no internet connection.mi next idea was to put the applic onto a flash drive, and just point edg at that. of course, brows file:// url doesn't work on this hardware, so that didn't work.mi next thought was that i could build a simpl http server, get that into the store with the content bake in (or read the content from a flash drive), and then have them point edg at localhost. however, i'v found a bunch of doc that say use the loopback devic is ban in window store apps. (there a workaround for enterpris apps, but i don't know if that would work on the surfac hub, and the client realli just want to instal from the window store and not have to do anyth weird).ther was some chatter a year ago about microsoft make some technolog to make it easi to port web app to the window desktop. i found "window 10 host web apps" but that appear to just make a web store contain around a website. in my case, the websit wouldn't be available, sinc they need to run the thing offline. there doesn't seem to be a "not hosted" web app option, as far as i can tell.back when chrome did host web apps, i manag to use an offlin manifest to convinc the browser to download the whole app the first time you run it. but that never work reliabl becaus chrome would spontan throw out the cach for no good reason. sinc the surfac hub aggress throw away cach when you end a session, i suspect that approach won't work either. (i found a window blog entri from last year that seem to be describ this trick and call it progress web app or pwa; however, sinc it base on cach workers, my concern about the surfac hub just throw it away stands.)so, how can i make my web app work offlin on a surfac hub? i'm perfect happi to have a flash drive as part of the solut if that helps.-- updat --see accept answer. turn out you don't need develop studio to do this. if you creat a appxmanifest.xml file and put your whole webapp into a folder, you can use makeappx.ex to bundl it all up. note that the window store has some strang requirements, like your utf-8 file need a bom on the front.
