i am play around with the idea of creat a websit for cryptocurrencies, where a user can sign up on my website, enter his api detail for one of the exchang market that i will support, which allow him to trade on that exchange, but use my “more user friendly” web interface.mi main goal is to creat a more user friend interfac than what most exchang websit offer. i am not hook direct into ani cryptocurr or wallets, all i do is use the api of exist exchang markets, relay the inform to my website, where i have a more user friend interface.sinc this is a veri sensit subject in regard to security, i am tri to figur out, what the best way would be to store the api detail of the users.in general i don't like the idea of store the api detail on my databas server, nor on my server in general. the thought of have my websit hack and all the api detail be expos is terrifying. of cours each exchang websit that support api has their own secur built in, such as api session with 2fa, ip restrictions, week generat of new api secret keys, daili trade limit via api, and not allow withdraw of wallet via api. but damag can still be done if those api detail get stolen.i would prefer if there would be a way where i would not need to store the api detail on my server at all, but rather have the user save them local on his pc. that way he is in charg of keep the api detail secure.thi thought brought me then to the idea of creat a desktop app use electron (https://electron.atom.io/). that way i can still creat the websit the way i want, but it wrap into electron, so it alway run locally. befor i pursu this idea, i would like to keep investig my previous idea of a regular website, as i prefer to have my websit cloud based, saas, to prevent piracy.so i wonder, store api detail of a user, without save them on the server, what other option would i have?cookies? probabl not secure.what about localstorage? https://developer.mozilla.org/en-us/docs/web/api/web_storage_apiar there other option or am i too paranoid about this? is it general accept to store sensit api detail on a databas server along with the rest of the user details?
