i am write a report app that run in electron. report mean i have a data sourc and user write view that arrang the data in whichev way they like so it can be print out or archiv as pdf.let say there is a list of student data along with grade for courses. the repor app allow you to creat a report that has a data tabl with name and grade for each course. so you end up with grade reports. someon els want just name and address anoth one want to creat a librari card for each student. html and css combin with vue make a great foundat to write this stuff.th easi part is to fetch data from the databas and offer json as a data sourc to views. the difficult part is how to let user add their report to the app. in dev mode i can just add view to directories, import them and render the data as part of the app. but i have my view avail at build time. onc i have built and ship the product app it out of my hand and the user can't add their view to the app anymor becaus they don't rebuild the app. they just want to point to a directory, add their view and use them.i have decid to use singl file compon becaus they allow user to simpli add calcul and mayb use pug etc to keep it simple. besid i can store data about the compon in a straight forward way (like name of report, depart etc)to my knowledg i need to build those view programmat and load them dynamically.so my question are:how can i build and mount singl file compon (.vue) dynamicallyfrom within a product app that has no prior knowledg of userproduc files?do i need to build these compon or is there a way to util on board tool to just read and render these components?i there a better way to serv these files?mor information:secur is not a concern. so load user creat view is ok. it need to be work in electron. i do have a server base app written in rubi that doe the same thing but the server is go away anytim soon so it has to be client base and executable. i cannot instal node on client pcs so they could just build their own app and includ their own view via hot reloading.if you'r interest in report app there is one in js but server based: https://jsreport.net/ or mine, rubi based: https://github.com/hmt/sahib
