i'm program an electron application, and a few page are meant to updat a tabl real-tim by fetch json string from my web api. the part that matter from this is that my tabl first has to be load into the document (html), befor or after (it doesn't matter) i start a new javascript thread. i alreadi need to use the main process for handl button and tabl events.th thread is use for continu fetch the data, and if it detect differ from the current load document, it'll put those chang back onto the server. right now, i'm have troubl start a new thread that has full access to preload js function that are use in node, electron, and jquery.her a list of what i tri and whi it went wrong, so mayb you can help me find a solut to these or suggest a new direct (anoth npm modul maybe?):vanilla webwork | couldn't use ani predefin function from node, electron, jqueri becaus it start an entir new process.nod child_process | this builtin function fork a new thread. however, it work in an entir differ environment, mean that i'm not abl to see output if it has ani to the console/document.electron webwork | i found these on the doc and enabl nodeintegrationinworker. however, it had an error that it couldn't find file from workers/api/etc, and i couldn't locat those file either. it import to note that this wasn't a modul that i had to install, so idk where those file even are on my system after 30min of searching.ther are also a few differ npm modul that i instal to no avail, most becaus they were isol (like extend webwork similar to electron webworkers) or they were isol (extend the child_process().fork function that didn't work either, from node).node-processworkerjsthreadswebworker-ngwebworker-threadsfinally, in an attempt to fix the third option that i mentioned, i tri to focus on the asar path, mention here. that fix this error:but now i'm at the point where the thread probabl start onc i load the page but doesn't log even a simpl "hello" to the console, probabl due to that wonder thread isolation.tldr; i need a way to run a second thread in electron that has full access to predefin objects. this option should hope run behind the main process, not stop the page from load onc it goe into it infinit while(true) loop.pleas send ani help, i would great appreci it. if you have ani question or would like me to elaborate/edit my post, pleas comment befor downvoting, i'm still new to this site.
