i am post this question in the lack of tutori avail for nwjs app development. also, document in not much of a help. there are a few youtub tutori but they are 4-5 year old. sinc then node-webkit has chang into nwjs and now avail in two differ flavors. none of those tutori are help becaus they are base on old node-webkit and none of them answer ani of my question below. - let me break the titl question into part - which version should i use for make nwjs base desktop app? regular or sdk?how to make nwjs desktop app?what would be the app/fold structure?how to use node modul with nwjs?how to make use of rout in nwjs app? or do i need rout at all?quest 1. which version should i should of nwjs? whatev i have read online, found that nwjs sdk is best bet becaus it allow to debug the app dure development, which fair answer my this question. question 2. how to make nwjs desktop app? i found anoth sof post where one exampl has been given in an answer to creat basic app - here though, exampl is pretti straight forward but i still have few confus which i need clarif so i am gonna ask them in the next question below. question 3. what would be the ideal folder structur for nwjs app? i have this folder structur right now in my nodej app. **main appi don't know if can take this exact folder structur into nwjs, if yes? then how? if no, then how can i restructur my app for nwjs. what are the part of the code that i need to restructur or redistribut or reintegr in the app? as shown in the exampl in the abov link server.j has been attach in the html file, why? what i have learn from develop nodej app is that you need to run server.j and go to the localhost:port# in browser. this all had made me confus to develop nwjs app. basic requir doesn't work in browser but it doe in nwjs question 4. how to use nodej modul in nwjs app? i know that nwjs creat it own local server and run the app. you don't need to make express server or http server separ which run on by default 8080 port. in the exampl provid in the abov link, use express server which run on 3000 port. whi do you need to creat express server? whi can't we use default server which run on 8080? do i realli need to use express modul to use other nodej modul (non-inbuilt modules)? question 5. make use of rout in nwjs app? case 1 let say if we can use default server then how can i util that to creat rout to make front end interact with modules. case 2 let say if we need express and we are attach server.j into html file then do we need routes? extra i have also read that we can direct call node_modul from html then do we need express? do we need rout then? how can we secur code in nwjs? how can i packag nwjs app for distribut with sourc code protection?
