i need to run a gui app on the logon screen on window 7 to 10.i have a nodej app regist as a servic which run as system (the default), use node-window module. this seem to be a prerequisit to what i need, but someth more is necessary.th app is just a basic socket client that connect to a socket server, noth special as of yet.i am think mayb if i use child_process.spawn() to open an elev command-prompt and/or runa anoth user-- but what user? system doesn't do it. i'm think whatev winlogon.ex run as, but that doesn't seem to be system even though that what it show as in task manager.i there a window command to run a gui in the logon screen if you have system-level access?update:ok. as of now i have a revers telnet-lik client run on the "remot host" as a window servic under the system user. it period connect to a test server text interfac (also node), from which you can enter nodej commands-- basic a home-brew js repl. i am abl to spawn a hidden, interact window command prompt under session 0, type command and get output through my littl revers command-lin terminal.obvi, encrypt and secur will be import here, but for now window is run in a vm insid linux on my laptop, and the app(s) onli talk to each other through privat nic on a host-on virtual network, so packet are not spill out onto the the real network.at my window command prompt in session 0, i tri run my remote-control gui app. instead of be present with a gui, i get the follow error:[5472:5492:0828/031356.901:error:gpu_process_transport_factory.cc(1024)] lost ui share context.if i tasklist, i get:winlogon.ex 2140 consol 3 6,704 k unknown nt authority\system 0:00:00 n/alogonui.ex 4772 consol 3 19,104 k unknown nt authority\system 0:00:00 n/a so, i can see winlogon.ex and logonui.ex are run in session 3 as user system'.how can i put the servic in the gui context of winlogon and logonui, or spawn my app in it ?is there a window command to do this? a nodej command/module/function? more info:it need to be a programmatic, automat solut i can work into the program-- no manual tweak use anoth gui app to get it working.registri edit or anyth accomplish via node or window consol command should be acceptable, however, sinc those i can incorpor into my code.background: this is most to run a remote-desktop app i wrote, much like screen-connect or logmein. it work great-- except for the part where it paus anytim you invok anyth call up the uac or enter the logon screen, make it not yet practic for remot it work.th nodej window servic app also work good for it part, autostart as a servic at boot time, autoconnects/reconnect to the test server without requir login or a continu connection, and stay aliv persistently.bas i am think if i can run an instanc of it in the logon screen it should be abl to then grab desktop video captur for output to the network, and invok remot mous and keyboard input from the network.th desktop-captur is done use nw.js, and child_process.spawn() robotjs-bas socket-cli run on the remot host.unfortunately, implant robotj in the servic app doesn't work-- i tri that as i was think at the veri least i could have a custom remot logon screen in the controller-app and have robotj input the password in the remot pc logon screen-- but no luck. it appear i am onli get the legaci desktop 0, not the logon screen for robotjs-bas keyboard/mous input.i am realli hope all i need is to runa some other user or process. **note: i am look for a way to do this that doe not involv auto-logon, reboots, or workarounds. i know microsoft has offici support way for accomplish such tasks-- but i have yet to find a way to do it through node rather than c. if there a node-modul use nativ code to do it, that fine by me. i just want my code to be javascript.anyway, that is the actual goal i'm ask this question for-- to run my remot desktop app on the logon screen to grap video and invok mous action and keystrokes.if there is a better way that doesn't match the question in the title, pleas do answer and i will edit the question to match the answer, if it works.
