i'm make an electron app that load sever web page into one page. think of this like a splash screen that show sever differ widget in one place. the user can choos which screen they want to add, a calculator, messag app, etc. currently, i load each one of these "widgets" into it own separ webview (similar to an iframe), and stack each one of these webview on top of each other. the main reason i'm do this, is i don't want the code for each "widget" to be abl to see ani other code for ani other page (aka, a "widget"). each webview has an absolut posit of 0,0, and a width/height of 100%, and a transpar background. this allow the develop of these widget full access to the screen, or just part of the screen, if they wish.it is here that i run into my issue. say that i have my first "widget", a calculator, load in a webview. underneath this webview, i have anoth "widget" load in a sepeart webview, a messag app. the problem is the first "widget", even if it webview content are onli use 10% of the screen, is in a webview frame that is take up the 100% of the screen. when the user tri to click on the messag webview, which is load underneath the first calcul webview, their mous event is caught by the topmost webview and block from propag down. i feel like a pictur may better explain the problem. this pictur may seem a littl confusing, but what i'm tri to display that webview #1 (the blue box), is overlap webview #2 (the red box). while i can click the calcul widget just fine, i cannot click through to the messag widget as webview #1 is catch the event.so here lie my problem. i need my mous event to pass through webview #1 to webview #2 (and then #3... #4.... #5.... etc) if it doe not land on ani element in said webview.her are a few thing that i'v tried:attempt 1appli the . howev the mous event just pass complet through each webview then.attempt 2instead of use webviews, i actual just load transpar electron window on top of eachoth and load each widget in them. unfortun transpar window still block mous event in empti areas.attempt 3load a littl javascript into each webview that set an event handler on the page body. if a mous cursor fire and hit the page background (without hit an element), it send a messag back to the host page who then send it down to the next webview underneath, and the process repeats. i'v run into sever problem with this, the most major one be send the event object from one webview to the host page and then back into anoth webview from there. i believ i'm run into secur precaut that prevent event object from be sent via ipc. it also feel like an extrem workaround.what i'm start to fear is that this is liter impossible. is there ani way to achiev what i'm tri to do? i'm open to idea on how els i can achiev the desir result. (as long as each webpag cannot see the other web pages, and i can strip out node-integration, i'm happy)
