i am put an interact svg element on a page in an electron app and as such i need to access element insid of an extern svg document with javascript. everyth work as intend until i reload the page. after reload i cannot access the extern svg dom from an inlin or extern script, nor from the console. am i miss someth or is this a bug?to test thing out i creat an unpackag electron app (version 5.0.4 as well as 5.0.6) from scratch base on the get start with electron page. i then put in three identical, simpl svgs, one with the object tag, one with the emb tag, and one inline. i wrote some code to send the first element to the consol onc each svg has loaded. upon initi start the app all three element appear on the page and in the consol as expected.i then reload the app with ctrl+r (or ctrl+shift+r) and while all three element still appear on the page onli the element from the inlin svg appear in the console. the other two give error about read a properti of null. use contentdocu or getsvgdocument() through the consol on the object or emb tag respect return null wherea they did not befor a reload. the same is true when use jqueri instead of the getelementbyid method. i can't even find the extern document through the element explor in the chromium develop console.her is the code i just described:i would expect this to produc the same result after a reload--even if it was alway work or not--and that is what make me think this is a bug. however, i am new to electron and could veri well be miss someth about secur or applic structur that i have not come across yet. i have done some look and have yet to find someth specif about this issue. i did find some stuff about reload caus a blank page or cach caus issu with svgs but i don't know how i can appli it to this issue.i could just never reload and find a way to keep user from reload but that would slow down my iter speed considerably. i could write the script in the svgs but i have multipl svgs that need to respond to the same code at the same time. ani other workaround or solut would be appreci but this may just be a bug, i can't be sure.
