i'm research reliabl way to programmat control instanc of chrome/chromium to leverag it capabl of render web page in node.js/c#/java application. in short, thing i want to do are as follows:open/clos a browser window.minimize, maxim browser window.navig to a certain url.set cookies.to make it more clear: i need a head browser to display web page to the end users. it can be either embed to my app or can be a standalon browser (separ ship instanc of chromium for example).i was not abl to find inform about ani public api in chrome/chromium that i can use from the node.js/c#/java environment. the one avail for chrome extens are not applic to my project, as i want to control the browser from the outside, like selenium webdriv doe for example. so far i found the follow way to control the browser the way i need:to use puppeteer/webdriv apis.us chrome-remote-interfac nodej library.r on chrome embed framework capabilities.r on electron.j capabilities.build my own librari that somehow includ the chromium modul as depend (similar to what electron team implement for example).first two option are similar from the perspect of all the mention librari eventu leverag chrome devtool protocol. the risk of cdp be retired/deprec is quit substanti for our project. the other concern is that the intent of cdp is debug and test autom and not applic development. moreover, have an open debug port in chrome open on user machin seem vulnerable.cef and electron path concern me due to depend on the embed chromium updat cadence. although electron team is target to updat with everi other releas of chromium it still can be a secur concern due to inabl to updat the chromium version right after a new version releas with a secur patch, for example. moreover, in case when i need the real browser experi (and that the case) i won't have it out of the box and i'll have to implement browser featur like buttons, tab address bar etc. myself.opt #5 seem to be extrem complex in implement as it seem to requir team compet on chromium internals, c++ develop and c++ build tooling.anyth i miss in the option list? anyth i miss in my assumptions? ani tips, thoughts, suggest will be great appreciated!
