i'm current work on a small linux project in node.j + electron that requir to scan for bluetooth le advertis packet and to extract data from them, and i could use some advic from more experienc develop about a thing.let start by say that i know about the nobl / abandonware-nobl modul which do exact what i need to do and in a quit simpl and straightforward way, but i'd like to keep that as a last resort becaus get nativ modul to compil (especi when a rebuild for electron is needed) is give me headaches. sure i'm make some mistak somewher but this is such a small part of a secondari project that i don't intend to invest much time in tri to resolv those gyp "not ok" error and those version mismatch warnings. so, these are the two workaround i came up with and the pros/con i can think of. could you give me your opinion about them? which would you choose?note: asid from catch the ble advertis packet (and the "worstest" case scenario is probabl 20-ish of them per second) noth here is realli time sensitive, so onc the bt scanner is done read the data, it can just push it to some stack for the other modul to process.1) i'll write a standalon program in c use bluez to scan for the packets, extract data (possibl in a separ thread, should the need for complex decod arise) and just write it to stdout. the main node.j project will take care of open the scanner program and stream it stdout to the process modules.+: veri simple. also, i alreadi have a function scanner that just need some minor refactoring.-: there an extra process, that is an extra part that could fail. inter process communic is slow, especi if done by pipe i/o streams.2) that littl scanner util can be transform into a nativ modul to be includ in the main node.j project.+: no need for an extra process in memory.-: i'd need to learn how to make nativ modul (as i said, this is not a project to spend a lot of time on) and i'd have to deal with gyp and it quirk again.what solut would you choose? am i miss something? currently, i'm think of #1 but sole becaus that someth i have alreadi done in a similar situat and it work fine. i'm awar that it veri inelegant, though. (..but is it that bad?)thank in advance.edit: nobl work perfect on my system, i'm just tri to prevent futur problems, sinc npm+gyp have given me a lot of issues.
