good day everyone!i develop a googl chrome extension. the architectur is main built on use content script in chrome tab and separ master window for provid basic manag and user-ori information. extens should provid a good-user-experi and for that i have an appropri list of criteria:cr master window in specifi width &amp; height, top &amp; left. in some case creat modal window.draw attent or focus to the master window for interact with user.unresizable.zoom by mous wheel or buttons.toggl always-on-top.addit criteria. extens should work proper out of box. ani tricki addit set aren't satisfi for end users. extens should work proper in chromium-lik browsers.th current state of my extens is that i use the chrome extens api chrome.window for creat (1) and focus (2) to the master window, and chrome.tab for zoom oper (4).i know there is a limit of use unresiz chrome window (3). look like it a dead end.mi implement of always-on-top featur (5) document in chrome.window is not working. here code i use:th console.log say that w.alwaysontop is toggl from fals to true, but there no changes, and next call do the same. the accept answer here chrome extens pop up window alway on top say about chrome flags, etc, which is not suitabl for end users.i have some inform about chrome.app.window, it provid good features. but it seem that the develop will remov support for chrome apps. in this articl transit from chrome app is high recommend to use chrome.window instead, but again not a word about support for (3) and (5).use the window.open() don't make ani effect in chrome dev 82.0.4056.3. it just do the same as chrome.window do. and someth tell me that this is not quit a cross-brows solution.on my opinion, the electron browserwindow can do the best with abov list of criteria. i know for that electron combin chromium and node.js. but i can't find ani more detail document or appropri exampl about this topic.also last day i look a bit quick on react and angular opportunities. seem like angular is more suitabl for google. i'm total new to that frameworks.so, here i am. ani help or clue on this topic will be veri help for my purpose. thank in advance!
